when i saw this for the first time i was
just like how did
i do it's really about doing it 100
times and you're going to get one of
them right oh my god
thanks to lg tv for sponsoring this
video stick around to the end to find
out more
hi welcome back to another episode of
vfx arts react today we are joined by
the one and only zach king what's up
zach and his team are known for doing a
very unique style of visual magic and
visual trickery it's very hard to figure
out how zack does it i'm excited for
this episode because i really want to
see if you guys can break down
how the magic is done well should we
jump in let's do it all right
[Music]
trippy
it says wet paint
[Music]
wow that's great we wanted to reward
those who watch it for a third time yeah
just send me that email
oh sorry sir it's drying you should put
a sign up or something oh
tricky
wow
dude that's gonna be like man the next
ten percent you put at the end but you
took it another ten percent so where do
you think the loop point is in this i
have a wild idea
it's not actually looping until the very
end because you actually built a set
that has like three identical corridors
i love that answer
we talked about that we're going to do
that at some point because you could
have made it a square and gone over and
over but no it's so it's not that oh no
one sensible spot for the loop point to
be would be when luke wipes you
so that shrug to painting is the
beginning and he wipes across you is
when you'd wipe back to the beginning
yep you got it this stuff is so good
[Music]
oh i know this one i see this one too
look at that commitment to time
we came up with this idea like the night
before the eclipse crazy that's really
well done did you guys wait up there all
night or did you come back later on we
came back i think we shot that at like 4
p.m or 5 p.m and then came back at 8 or
9. so for this shot
there's no sun actually there right the
sun's coming from a different right if
you look at the sun source it's off to
the right there but it works because you
guys are to the left of the the sun that
you have on the frame this one's really
simple it's a straight jump cut but
there are things you have to think about
like hey if we come back later at night
like how are we going to know the spot
so we're literally like taking sticks
and drawing you know in the sand are you
taking like pictures of your camera
screen or something like that to make
sure your hands are in the exact same
spot yeah it's just guesswork it's
really about doing it
100 times and you're going to get one of
them right so obviously i'm not the
first person to to come up with jump
cuts and one of my favorite material to
reference is charlie chaplin and buster
keaton these guys were doing jump cuts
when it was like actually really hard to
do like they'd have to go through you
know the frames and find the right one
and they didn't get to like play with it
it was like once they cut it was pretty
much like ah nudge it three frames to
the right yeah cut theirs it's like oh
let me get my glue
so if somebody wanted to execute a
perfect match cut what tips would you
have for them it really is a practice
thing but have some your buddy hold the
camera go to a
a position and stand still have a person
do the change like let's say it's
changing the shirt
and then you lit it's this basic you
freeze go change your shirt come back go
in the position but it's getting back to
that position like we have a little
overkill techniques where people will
come in and hold each major joint of my
body you know if your chest moves like
that's a big visual difference
especially your head too like that needs
to be in the same spot so it's literally
like it's kind of awkward but people
will come up and just kind of it feels
like they're hugging you and then you
like wiggle out of the position really
go to the bathroom change really quick
come back wiggle in and then they line
you back up wow so it's basic but it's
also
overkill and complex
[Music]
okay so this one legitimately when i saw
this for the first time i was just like
how did i
[Music]
i want to take a guess at how you did
this so there you actually have
ah man man this is so hard to guess i
don't know okay so i'm guessing that
there is no ladder it's just projection
mapping and it's really really well done
projection mapping projection mapping
requires you to have a 3d track of your
scene as well as a somewhat basic 3d
reconstruction in this scene you have a
very basic plane in another plane
so your projection ends up being really
simple yeah and right as the camera kind
of like pulls back and then locks into
place right here someone flies in a
ladder and you just play so casually and
stand up on it and then right there the
ladder's gone someone's ready to pull
the ladder off screen the moment you're
off of it interesting theory
so here's what i'll tell you about this
one this one holds a special place in my
heart so i'm not going to tell you how
it was done because i also want people
to guess in the comments for this one
this one has a lot of different theories
on how it was done but i will say that
there was real paint on set okay the
parts about these videos that are really
fun to me is like how everything is put
there so quickly it's just really about
timing and again this is one of the
videos that we have to do
75 times just to get wow that many takes
you you heard zach leave a comment down
below with your guess let us know how
you think it was done so zach do you
consider yourself a magician a magician
eh well i dabble on the weekends no and
like i grew up doing magic i loved magic
i too have been known
the reason i don't like being called a
magician is because i feel like it
offends actual magicians yes because i
haven't put in the work to earn that
title and they've literally practiced
you know sleight of hand or whatever
stage tricks for years that is through
your hand i out of respect for that i'm
not but i can see why people visually
call it magic i think you need to
cool down
[Music]
that's me and some of the art teams
sitting up all night just just you know
acrylic paint on my clothes
[Music]
[Applause]
it's a youtube thumbnail
the genius in a piece of work like this
is that once again the digital effects
are very straightforward i mean you're
basically just taking a freeze frame
from right there yeah and just tracking
it back onto the frame right you know
going backwards in the video then
likewise at the end and that's it for
like the digital effects yeah you know
it's just really simple we're cutting
holes in flats and uh putting up the
picture frames but no it pays off like
if you do it practically always looks
better like a lot of people could just
throw up a green screen yeah but it has
the like there's a look to that
i love the reveal of the parallax
because as the camera moves at first
like the background moves at the same
rate as you but the moment you start
moving now the background is moving like
slower yeah i call that the extra like
15 extra 10 percent we'll ask ourselves
at the very end like okay is there
anything that's an extra 10 that we can
do here maybe it's okay camera move or
is it in the story where you need an
extra little beat yeah there's like
little details too that are fun like a
museum would actually still have the
electrical circuits
like that
those are just like printouts you know
like cutting out like a piece of paper
oh it's so smart
oh that's great whoa okay
would you look at that five o'clock wow
time really does fly
whoa where's everyone going we have a
lot of work to do i need this done by
the end of the day oh taking that extra
step i think that's really what makes
you stand out what's your guess for this
one so i think you have a hole in the
wall you have actual post-it notes glued
to the wall there and there's just like
a little like doggy door flap but
someone else's hand is coming through
same thing with uh your desk there we
have one other guy in the office who
works on our team who happens to have
the exact same looking hand as me oh
really um so but you'll notice i think
he doesn't have a ring on that's the
only thing people have picked up on it's
really a matter of me and him just
knowing without him looking the timing
and so with that same take of the hands
working it also had to perf the paper
had like he had this big stack of papers
that he was chucking through the hole
that most times were getting caught how
many takes did it take you guys to
maybe like 35 or 40. i don't remember on
this one but it was really just
practicing the hand bit and once we got
that timing i had no idea you guys
worked so hard to get so many takes to
just nail it but in a way like
everything is so perfect at the end for
these short clips that it makes sense so
the guy that spilled coffee on himself
so noted yeah we have little easter eggs
running throughout our videos all of
them there's like a backline story
happening when there's extras there was
a starbucks video that we did or it was
a fake starbucks coffee app where you
could pull the coffee out of the phone
and he's driving and he tries to send it
back through because he wants a
different coffee but it sprays all over
him so this is probably this actually is
part three there's a part when he's
going to the office in traffic sorry i'm
out of batteries you got to go around
someday you'll be able to take
all of his videos put him in order and
see his little mini movie dude i love
that so i know we're not exactly
reacting to hollywood movies today but
there's a lot of other great visual
wizards out there so if there's anybody
else who would like us to get on the
show or react to their work please leave
a comment down below it's great
inspiration helps guide us what we
should do in our future episodes
whoa that was smooth that was really
smooth that was super smooth it's
it's one thing to be able to like drop
through the the shelf like that like
that's not super hard to do but the fact
that the guy comes busting in like
literally a half second after you
disappear yeah merging the two things
together i would assume
the bottom of the drawers just cut out
you're dropping through it but then
you'd have to paint yourself out
and it's one thing to paint yourself out
but when there's people behind you
running through the door you have to
rebuild them and their lighting and
their shadow and that's where it gets
crazy so did you rebuild all that area
underneath there yeah we had to and i
just i almost don't believe that you had
you painted yourself out so because you
have to add the flashlight the shadows
the foot so were the guys busting
through the same shot as you dropping in
through the the drawer
that is the question that is a long
debated question i am going to hazard a
guess that it is actually two different
takes oh wait friend spotted it because
i feel like i can sense a little bit of
that roto edge on the top of your hair
what roto edge
you might have gotten me on that one
[Music]
so the the hard one in this one is it
actually loops like if you're perfectly
so to do that you basically have to
start here wake up grab tear throw go
back to sleep camera goes in and then
everyone's like pause so that's that's
the loop point right there oh i love
that so planer tracking is when you
track basically anything onto a flat
surface you'll see it a lot of movies
when they're tracking screens this would
be a normal planar track except for the
fact that the cardboard wobbles yeah
so what would be a simple effect
something becomes complicated because
the cardboard starts distorting and that
planar track is no longer a plane this
is a manual art someone had to go in and
then morph the image to kind of follow
this cardboard cutout i also imagine
that this cardboard cutout has the
graphics on it as well and you're kind
of blending between the two
dude this is a long line
have you guys been to randy's donuts
i've never been
i've seen it in so many movies but i've
never even seen it in person the line is
long i mean that's what this concept is
about we we go to show show up and film
and the line's long and so we we added
that to the concept in the beginning
that's plastic
let's get a real one
the fun little easter egg it says
randy's nuts there
[Laughter]
i'm going to guess that that's a 3d
model
the entire time dang i give up
i'm holding something we had to you know
put the donut there onto it i love the
subtle touch of the uh roof of the
building caving in yeah getting a little
bit like physics simulations in there so
another question for you once again
really subtle the people that are
reacting in the audience are those green
screened in elements
you were the first person to notice that
so those two
two guys at the end yeah three guys at
the end
all right but this is even cooler edith
power on my suit
pretty good
good picture of clinton that thing just
hopping around climbing up the walls
sorry guys give me a second
whoa
and you guys really power down the
lights putting the effort on this one
powering down no i said lights
you remember the scene in inception
that's rotating we basically had a mini
version of that built the rotating room
you know you've got the room here and
the camera and the key is getting the
camera to lock on so you have all this
rigging to make sure that doesn't move
and so that you get the illusion you
know with the room perspective not
changing the way i really wanted to have
the people in there was to harness them
in but um we had a couple issues one
insurance and safety but also like their
face within five seconds turns super red
it's off-putting you're watching and
their cheeks kind of like often they
gain
weight you shoot one giant plate of all
your actors there going through all the
motions and reacting to you and then a
separate plate where you are in the
costume and you do the whole move around
the set everything is locked down i
assume those curtains those are moving
in the scene so those curtains are glued
like you cannot move them they're like
completely hard okay love those little
details yeah everything is com like
glued 80 times do you have a secret
passion for practical effects oh i love
them that's like all my favorite movies
i love the matte paintings they were
doing you know you have a scene of
charlie chaplin on rollerblades like
barely going down this harrowing fall
and it was really just up close they had
an image literally printed or painted
oftentimes close to the camera as your
background plate and you look at like
the perfect mix in in jurassic park like
because they had most of the close-up
shots with the dinosaur that was real
like it sells everything else
i don't know if i would love showing up
to drastic world set now because it's
like you're looking at people in suits
like it doesn't have the same magic yeah
and i think it affects the final product
oh definitely zach thank you for
indulging us as we try to guess and
reveal the secrets you guys did well
well i feel like i didn't get anything i
want to know their guesses right i do
too i want to know other videos what you
guys think how it was done now that
they've got some insights yeah you guys
have good guesses though i'm proud okay
thank you all right so go check out
zac's channel consider subscribing if
you haven't already can't wait to see
you guys in the next video
[Music]
hey guys we're going to give you the
chillest brand integration you've ever
seen because jake is really busy right
now so it's on our shoulders all right
clint play me a tune that's how the pros
do it we're going to talk to you about
the new lg nano cell tv which is a new
tv we've got in the office we've been
playing smash brothers on it every
evening which you know that means no
latency
vibrant colors and a big enough picture
to well all of us and see our characters
in life like size
so
lg nano cell tvs have a new technology
in them nanotechnology i guess
nanocell technology
it's a multitude of things from a very
thin nano bezel to nano filters that
give you more vibrant colors in the
pixels long story short for the price
this is one of the best images in a
television i've ever seen i'm telling
you this not because it's a marketing
point in fact that's not even on this
paper i'm telling you this on a personal
experience i see a lot of images hey i'm
a visual effects artist i appreciate
beautiful imagery and this tv is
actually really nice i have an old video
at my place and i can literally see like
the led like crosswork behind it i've
been thinking about upgrading and no lie
i'm probably gonna get an lg in amazon
because i've been super impressed with
how good the image is and how good the
price is so if you are in the market for
a new tv go check it out you will not be
disappointed it has our endorsement we
are loving it here at the office
it's true
it's true it's true
[Music]
just watch and tell me if you guys
noticed something weird
all right so if you guys see anything
weird
can you see it are we looking at the
fire it's hard to catch all right catch
what is there a flicker
you could say that we're getting some
frame frame duplications as you're going
frame by frame
oops